[integrations] [microsft message trace] - Deprecated basic auth and added support for Oauth2 (#5775)
elastic/integrations: packages/microsoft_exchange_online_message_trace/_dev/build/docs/README.md

[Log Documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/previous-versions/office/developer/o365-enterprise-developers/jj984335(v=office.15))

## Configuring with OAuth2

> The basic auth fields have been deprecated from this integration since Microsoft has deprecated them and they no longer work.
> Going forward OAuth2 needs to be configured for working with Microsoft Exchange Online Message Trace APIs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The basic authentication fields have been deprecated from this integration as Microsoft has deprecated and disabled basic authentication for Exchange Online. See the [deprecation notification](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/exchange/clients-and-mobile-in-exchange-online/deprecation-of-basic-authentication-exchange-online) for details.
In order to continue using the Microsoft Exchange Online Message Trace you will need to enable and configure OAuth2 authentication.
```

### Steps :
You'll need to register your application with Azure Active Directory and obtain the necessary credentials: Client ID, Client Secret, and Tenant ID. 
You can follow these steps to create an Azure AD application:

1) Go to the Azure portal (https://portal.azure.com/) and sign in.
2) Click on "Azure Active Directory" in the left-hand menu.
3) Select "App registrations" and click "New registration".
4) Enter a name for your application, select "Accounts in this organizational directory only" for "Supported account types", and enter the redirect 
   URI for your application.
5) Click "Register" to create the application.
6) On the application page, make note of the "Application (client) ID" (which is your client ID) and the "Directory (tenant) ID" (which is your 
   tenant ID).
7) Under "Certificates & secrets", click "New client secret" to create a new secret. Make note of the secret value (which is your client secret).

> With these credentials in hand, you can now configure the integration with the appropriate parameters. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With these credentials in hand, you can now configure the integration with the appropriate parameters.

```

   tenant ID).
7) Under "Certificates & secrets", click "New client secret" to create a new secret. Make note of the secret value (which is your client secret).

With these credentials in hand, you can now configure the integration with the appropriate parameters.

### Logfile collection

The following sample Powershell script may be used to get the logs and put them into a JSON file that can then be
consumed by the logfile input:

Prerequisites:

Install the Exchange Online Management module by running the following command: 

````powershell
Install-Module -Name ExchangeOnlineManagement

> ````

Reviewer: Do we also need to do this and the import for `ExchangePowerShell` or do we assume that?

Author: We are currently assuming this

Reviewer: Fair enough.

# This would then be ingested via the integration
$output_location = "C:\temp\messageTrace.json"

> $token = Get-ExoOAuthAccessToken -ClientId $clientId -ClientSecret $clientSecret -TenantId $tenantId -Scopes $scopes

Reviewer: Is there a link for the docs for this cmdlet? I can't find it and it doesn't appear to be in the module.

Author: The modified script has been removed and a disclaimer added to the old one.

Connect-ExchangeOnline -AccessToken $token.AccessToken

$startDate = (Get-Date).AddHours($lookback)
$endDate = Get-Date

$paginate = 1
$page = 1
$output = @()
while ($paginate -eq 1)
{

>     $messageTrace = Get-MessageTrace -PageSize $pageSize -StartDate $startDate -EndDate $endDate -Page $page -AccessToken $token.AccessToken

Reviewer: This doesn't look right; [AFAICS](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/exchange/get-messagetrace?view=exchange-ps) `Get-MessageTrace` doesn't accept `-AccessToken`.
